Hey everyone, welcome back to the distribution module.
My name is Alex Slater and I'll be interjecting my input
on how to be successful at Reddit and ex-marking.
We'll start with X just for now.
And I love X because it's how we started
and because there are a lot of theme pages
that post a lot of times a day.
So you can get very low CPMs.
And I think at the start we used to pay like 50 to 100 bucks
per tweet and per thread.
This is one of the first ones we've ever done.
They said 237,000 views.
We probably paid maybe like $100 maximum.
I remember that being on maximum at the time.
And this is August 22nd.
So almost a year ago today when we first launched Quitter.
Now this is very intentional.
Porn is the worst drug for young men.
Very clear hook, very scary outcome.
The worst drug.
And the reason this does so well is not only like,
is it's not widely known accepted yet.
The porn is like damaging for people.
But also because it's very normalizing
because it's like people consume it a lot.
So when they hear, all right, I'm consuming this thing
every day or every week, whatever.
And now it's apparently being compared
as the worst drug ever.
Now you have my attention.
Now I want to read the thread.
So then it carries on.
It's kind of like a funnel.
It's like a weekend gym brain.
But and then you keep going down more stuff and more stuff.
It lowers your self-esteem.
And then in your head you're learning about how damaging porn is.
And then boom, Quitter push.
Do you want to quit porn, but you keep failing?
Why?
Because you don't have the right tools.
That's about to change.
I've found an app that can help you quit porn.
Meet Quitter.
And I think maybe this premise specifically
would have made us $502,000.
But like in our first week of launch, this is really good.
And that's a 10x ROI.
So I don't hate it.
And I'm going to show you some far better tweets very, very
shortly.
What I would change about this though is it's
a very clear push.
And you can see the drop off from light.
So it started at 500.
Now it's only at 16.
But the views are what matters.
And even though the push is super, super hard,
I think mind share is important.
And the more people that are aware that Quitter
is for quitting porn, there is apps and there are solutions
out there for this kind of stuff.
The word will spread.
And you'll eventually gain traction.
So yeah, I love tweets.
And there are like way more examples of this.
So this PsychWizard.
PsychWizard is another account we partnered with.
This had 750,000 views.
I think for this spread, I think we paid $300, $400.
Because I structured it like a bonus.
I'll be like, all right, bro, I'll
give you $100 base.
And then if you get this amount of views,
I'll give you an extra $200, $300, $400.
And I actually do remember getting an argument with this guy.
Because he tried to charge us like $4, $500.
And to me at the time, that was like way too much money.
And Apple payouts weren't hitting yet.
So like-- so yeah, but I remember this doing very well for us.
I think this spread specifically made like $2,000 to $2,000.
And again, look at the day, a year ago today.
So I'm on our most successful threads.
I said 2K likes.
And look, instead of it saying porn is the worst
track for young men at the top, it's also in the image.
And what I've noticed about the X algorithm
is like images do the best.
Like text is very easy to scroll past.
But images capture attention.
And they induce the most dopamine.
And that's how you can convert and have more viral tweets
more often.
So yeah, same kind of format.
Porn will defeat your inner driver's self-confidence.
But then as you can see, we skip straight to the push.
Straight to the push.
Instead of it being like multiple threads down,
it's like hit straight away.
So this entire thread is like a marketing material for us.
There's nothing else.
And this kind of serves as like the prerequisite.
It's like, OK, porn will defeat your self-confidence.
It'll make you weak.
You'll get sidetracked.
It will decrease your willpower.
And people are like sitting here reading it.
And they're like, no, I don't want this.
I want to be the strongest man I can be.
I want to be the richest.
I want to be the best looking.
And it's like, OK, if no one--
OK, if the reader has not achieved these things,
or they feel weak or they feel sidetracked,
and they consume porn, and we're telling you
it's the worst drug for young men,
there might be a connection that people make.
And they're like, OK, maybe this is damaging me.
Maybe this is holding back.
And when they see the quitter ad, they're like, OK,
I'll just give it a try.
So they click on the link.
And then they go to the App Store.
And they're like, oh, 20,000 five-star abuse.
And it looks fucking amazing.
I'm just going to pay for it.
Oh, sorry.
I'm just going to download it.
And then they end up paying.
And then everything we make from the tweet,
we can just reinvest into more and more threads
and keep scaling.
So that's one version of the tweets.
Very, very simple format.
These kind of deep-fried tweets go viral, maybe like once,
every two, three days.
So you won't be able to put it on a mass scale
about pissing people off.
Well, you could spread awareness doing that.
But if you're looking for the intense ROI,
I would space them out maybe two or three, maybe one week apart.
And yeah, like the solid strategy really
helped in the beginning.
You can totally rip this for an other niche.
And maybe you had a calorie tracking app.
And it's like obesity is reducing birth rates.
This is why you need to track your calories.
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, whatever.
OK.
So now onto some experimental tweets.
I saw a lot of news pages post two picture slideshows
where it'd be one company and then another company
and then a headline, kind of like a news headline.
But on Twitter, obviously.
So I came up with this idea where maybe we could do the same
for Twitter and announce news because Twitter is kind of like
where everyone gets like instant news.
And I would just make it a joke or a meme.
And it feels super serious because it's on Twitter, but it's not.
So I was like, OK, what could be the most controversial
and get people hyped up and get people being like,
holy shit, this is sick.
Like, for example, I'll give you a real quick example.
Imagine it's like breaking news.
The US has shot five bombs towards Russia.
And there's the USA flag and it's Kim Jong.
And then it's Putin on the right.
People would blow that shit up, especially if it came
from like a respected news source.
That would go super viral.
So I decided to pick one of these theme pages that
post a bunch of memes all day.
So for example, this guy hit 135k followers.
You can see he gets solid views and likes, like 132k likes.
And then obviously a bunch of them flock, a bunch of them flock.
And then he has 1k likes and then 168k likes.
So yeah.
So I was like, OK, I'm going to throw some shots at the dartboard
and hopefully it goes well.
And I was like, OK, Twitter buys only fans and shuts it down.
That was my vision.
Twitter buys only fans and shuts it down.
And the first couple of times I didn't go well.
As you can see, this only got 1.6k likes.
And then we tried another account.
And it was like 1k likes.
And I was like, oh, this is solid, but it's not like super viral.
And I just believed in myself.
I was like, maybe we should have a few more attempts
for a few more hundred dollar bills with these guys
and see what happens.
And then we launched this.
Oh shit.
Then we launched this.
I paid $100 for this tweet.
Guess how much this made me?
Probably close to $100,000 from one tweet.
One tweet.
It's got 11.4 million views, 143,000 likes,
and an insane amount of traction in the comments
of people like, holy shit, no way this is happening.
And then look at the link.
848,000 views.
Yeah, this made us a lot of money.
And if it wasn't for my belief, and if it wasn't
for my understanding of the algorithm,
to keep pushing and obsessing over what's going viral
and trying to frame that towards Twitter and marketing,
this wouldn't have happened.
And you know what's really cool about this as well?
After I went viral on Twitter, I was like, OK,
they could probably go viral on Instagram.
And I just did the exact same format,
put it on Instagram, that ripped as well.
Another 200,000 likes, 300,000 likes.
And probably 100 million views total on all platforms.
So it's very successful.
And I think a lot of people go into this app game
and they think, oh, yeah, short form.
Let's pay for creators.
Push the app 10 seconds into the video.
But there are so many other strategies
that people just overlook, maybe because it isn't
talked about enough.
But don't underestimate Twitter.
And I'm about to get to Reddit next.
But just don't underestimate these platforms.
And yeah, peace out, boys.
That's my segment.